[KOGITO-7840] - Add validation on Workflow Metadata with admission we… (#361)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/install-serverless-operator.adoc

// Metadata:
:description: Install the operator on Kubernetes clusters
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers
// links

> :cert_manager_installer_url: https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml

Author: I am not sure, I can move to there if needed, 
@kaldesai

== Install the {product_name} Operator

In order to have an up-and-running instance of the {product_name} Operator you can use the following commands:

.Install Cert Manager Operator
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
kubectl apply -f {cert_manager_installer_url}
----
[NOTE]
====

> The Cert Manager is optional, if you choose not to install it, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks are in place, more information can be found link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].

Reviewer: If it's optional, we should provide an alternative way for users to "make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks are in place". Hence, some instructions.

== Install the {product_name} Operator

In order to have an up-and-running instance of the {product_name} Operator you can use the following commands:

.Install Cert Manager Operator
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
kubectl apply -f {cert_manager_installer_url}
----
[NOTE]
====

> The Cert Manager is optional, if you choose not to install it, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Cert Manager is optional, if you choose not to install it, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks are in place. You can find more information link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].
```

> The Cert Manager is optional, if you choose not to install it, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks are in place. You can find more information link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].

Author: ```suggestion
The Cert Manager is optional, if you choose not to install it, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks are in place, more information can be found link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].
```

> are in place, more information can be found link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].

Author: ```suggestion

```

=== Install

To install the {product_name} Operator, you can use one of the following methods:

==== Install with Webhooks

> The Cert Manager is recommended in order to help on abstracting the certificates configuration, if, for some reason it can't be installed, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks correctly configured, more information can be found link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Cert Manager is recommended in order to help abstract the certificate configuration, If, for some reason, it cannot be installed, you must verify that the certificates needed by the Webhooks are correctly configured or not. You can find more information link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].
```

=== Install

To install the {product_name} Operator, you can use the following commands:

.Install Cert Manager Operator
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
kubectl apply -f {cert_manager_installer_url}
----
[NOTE]
====

> The Cert Manager is recommended in order to help on abstracting the certificates configuration, if, for some reason it can't be installed, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks correctly configured, more information can be found link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].

Reviewer 3: or the user can deactivate the webhooks. I guess it should be documented to add a specific variable into the `operator.yaml` file or use kustomize. wdyt ?

Author: +1, will add this info after testing.

=== Install

To install the {product_name} Operator, you can use the following commands:

.Install Cert Manager Operator
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
kubectl apply -f {cert_manager_installer_url}
----
[NOTE]
====
The Cert Manager is recommended in order to help on abstracting the certificates configuration, if, for some reason it can't be installed, you need to make sure that the certificates needed by the Webhooks correctly configured, more information can be found link:{kubebuilder_webhooks_url}[here].
====

[NOTE]
====
The webhooks are enabled by default, if you want to disable it, you can update the `operator.yaml` file and set the
`ENABLE_WEBHOOKS` variable to `false`, it can be done quickly with the following command:
[source,shell]
----

> curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/{operator_version}/operator.yaml -o operator.yaml
> sed -i '/name: ENABLE_WEBHOOKS/{n;s/value: "true"/value: "false"/}' operator.yaml
> ----
> 
> And install the operator using this downloaded `operator.yaml` file.
> [source,shell]
> ----
> kubectl apply -f operator.yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/{operator_version}/operator.yaml -o operator.yaml
sed -i '/name: ENABLE_WEBHOOKS/{n;s/value: "true"/value: "false"/}' operator.yaml
----

And install the operator using this downloaded `operator.yaml` file.
[source,shell]
----
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/{operator_version}/operator.yaml | sed '/name: ENABLE_WEBHOOKS/{n;s/value: "true"/value: "false"/}' | kubectl apply -f -
```

----

After it is installed, there will be needed to manually delete the webhooks:

[source,shell]
----
kubectl delete mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/kogito-serverless-operator-mutating-webhook-configuration
kubectl delete validatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/kogito-serverless-operator-validating-webhook-configuration
----

> ====

Reviewer 3: if `cert-manager` is not installed, then those 2 commands are useless. 
When applying the above `operator.yaml` file, I get:
```
resource mapping not found for name: "kogito-serverless-operator-serving-cert" namespace: "kogito-serverless-operator-system" from "STDIN": no matches for kind "Certificate" in version "cert-manager.io/v1"
ensure CRDs are installed first
resource mapping not found for name: "kogito-serverless-operator-selfsigned-issuer" namespace: "kogito-serverless-operator-system" from "STDIN": no matches for kind "Issuer" in version "cert-manager.io/v1"
ensure CRDs are installed first
```

Reviewer 3: maybe add a NOTE about that log

=== Install

To install the {product_name} Operator, you can use one of the following methods:

> ==== Install without Webhooks

Author: +1

> The webhooks are enabled by default, if you want to disable it, you can install the operator using the `operator-no-webhooks.yaml` and skip the `Cert Manager` step.

Author: fixed.

.Install {product_name} Operator on Kubernetes with no Webhooks
[source,shell]
----
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/{operator_version}/operator.yaml -o operator.yaml

> sed -i '/name: ENABLE_WEBHOOKS/{n;s/value: "true"/value: "false"/}' operator-no-webhooks.yaml

Author: no, I overlooked it :)

----

> .Install Cert Manager Operator

Author: yep.

If you're running a snapshot version, use this URL instead `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/main/operator.yaml`.
====

.Uninstalling Cert Manager Operator
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----

> kubectl delete -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
kubectl delete -f {cert_manager_installer_url}
```
